

# P/E Ratio
## Leading P/E
Leading P/E ratio use the future earnings for the next 12 months.
$$
\text{Leading P/E Ratio}=\frac{P_{0}}{\mathbb{E}[EPS_{1}]}=\frac{1-b}{r-g}
$$
# Sustainable Growth Rate
The rate at which earnings can continue to grow indefinitely.
$SGR=b\times ROE$, where $b$ is the retention payout rate.
公司价值增长的条件: 1. 公司盈利,即$ROE>0$; 2. 公司挣的钱需要留存($b>0$) 
### PRAT Model
因为$ROE=\frac{\text{Net Income}}{\text{Equity}}$, then we can have a PRAT model to calculate Sustainable Growth Rate
$$
\begin{aligned}
SGR=b\times ROE&=b\times \text{Net Profit Margin}\times \text{Asset Turnover ratio}\times \text{Financial Leverage}
\end{aligned}
$$ where Net Profit Margin $=\frac{\text{NI}}{\text{Sales}}$, Asset Turnover Ratio = Sales / Assets.

## DuPont Model
# PVGO
$PVGO = P_{0}-\frac{\mathbb{E}[EPS_{1}]}{r_{E}}$ 
Can be used to calculate the P/E Ratio: $$\text{Leading P/E Ratio}=\frac{1}{r}+\frac{\text{PVGO}}{\mathbb{E}[E_{1}]}$$
# Free Cash Flow Model
## FCFF (Free Cash Flow to Firm)
FCFF is the cash flow available to all of the firm's investors including debtholders and sharholders
FCFF has many different variations of formulas:
1. $FCFF=NI+[\text{Interest}\times(1-tax)]+NCC-\text{FC}_{Inv}-\text{WC}_{Inv}$, where Depreciation accounts for the most of $NCC$.
2. $FCFF=[\text{EBIT}\times(1-tax)]+NCC-\text{FC}_{Inv}-\text{WC}_{Inv}$

When doing valuation using the FCFF, the required rate of return is WACC because we need to consider both shareholders' and debt holders' required rate of return weighted by their investment.


# Residual Income Model
## Assumption: Clean Surplus Relation
Given long enough time span, the only factor that can affect the firm's book value is retained earning:$$B_{t}=B_{t-1}+\Delta \text{Retained Earning}=B_{t-1}+\text{NI}_{t}-\text{Dividend}_{t}$$
At the firm level:
$$\text{RI}=\text{net income}-\text{equity charge}=\text{net income}-\text{equity capital}\times r_{E}$$
At the share level:
$$\text{RI}_{t}=\mathbb{E}[\text{EPS}_{t}]-r_{E}\text{BV}_{t-1}=(ROE-r_{E})\times \text{BV}_{t-1}$$where $r_E$ is the ==required return on equity== at both levels.
## Single Stage RI model
$$\begin{aligned}
V_{t}&=B_{t}+\sum_{i=t+1}^\infty RI_{i}\\
&=B_{t}+\frac{RI_{t+1}}{r-g}\quad \text{(Assuming growing at rate of }g)\\
&=B_{t}+\frac{(ROE-r)\times B_{t}}{\text{r}-g}
\end{aligned}$$
### Advantage
Compared to DDM and FCFE, due to the inclusion of $B_0$ , this RI model is not as sensitive as DDM and FCFF models.
### Disadvantage
RI model assumes that ==RI grows indefinitely==, even more unrealistic than FCFE where only requires positive free cash flow.
## Economic Value Added (EVA)
$\text{EVA}=\text{NOPAT}-\text{WACC}\times \text{total Capital}$, 
	where $\text{NOPAT}=(\text{Revenues}-\text{COGS}-\text{SGA}-\text{dep})(1-t)=\text{EBIT}\times(1-t)$, and NOPAT stands for Net Operating Profit After Tax.

## Market Value Added (MVA)
$\text{MVA}=\text{market value}-\text{total capital}=\text{market value}-\text{net working capital}-\text{net fixed assets}$
Total capital here accounts for:
1. book value of long-term debt (i.e. net working capital) ;
2.  book value of equity